{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Notes Publishing Machines - Sarah Garcin
\fs24 \
\
Poster Poster Poster Poster Poster: A poster that makes posters\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Poster, partly covered in conductive ink and works as hardware, which generates new posters on. A poster to design posters. Paper interface to remix your protest poster designs. Protest away.\
Originated from the thought about the situation if you are marching with a poster and then you have a better idea and you need a new poster. (Can you make a new poster with your current poster?)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Paper interface for the PJ machine using makey makey. We remapped the keys of the makey to match the PJ Machine controls. 
\b \
\
Group: \

\b0 Jannete Mark\
William Eckerstein\
Loes Bogers\
James Aspey\

\b \

\i Workshop tutorial git: \

\i0\b0 https://github.com/sarahgarcin/pj-machine-workshop\

\b \
Installation\

\i\b0 MBlock
\i0 \
http://www.mblock.cc/docs/run-makeblock-ch340-ch341-on-mac-os-sierra/ \
Only if you already installed in and need to update go through the tutorial, otherwise just install.\
\

\i Node.js\

\i0 https://nodejs.org/en/ \
\
See tutorial page for install instructions. \
\

\b Starting PJ Machine\

\b0 In terminal: start the node server\

\i node server.js\
\
Go to local host 1337 in browser\

\i0 http://localhost:1337/\
\

\b Tutorial page github\

\b0 https://github.com/sarahgarcin/pj-machine-workshop\
\

\b Tips\

\b0 works only in Chrome, not firefox. If it stops: ctrl + c in terminal and restart the node serverjs\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keyboard events PJ Machine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The PJ Machine has some functions include by default you can use. All functions can be fired by a keypress.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
O > Go to previous content\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
P > Go to next content\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A > Move Left\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Q > Move Right\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
W > Move Down\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S > Move Up\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
U > Zoom In\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Space Bar > Zoom Out\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I > Decrease block width\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
E > Increase block width\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Y > Increase letter spacing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
R > Decrease letter spacing\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N > Change font (random in an array of fonts)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B > Change color (random)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
M > Rotate Clockwise\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
L > Rotate Counterclockwise\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
T > Generate PDF\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\b Key mappings to MAKEY (see .h file that comes with arduino makey code).\

\b0 \
  's',      // up arrow pad check  >> MOVE UP\
  'w',    // down arrow pad check  >> MOVE DOWN\
  'a',    // left arrow pad check  >> MOVE LEFT\
  'q',   // right arrow pad check  >> MOVE RIGHT\
  ' ',               // space button pad check\
  'm',        // click button pad check  >> ROTATE CLOCKWISE \
  't',                // pin D5 check  >> GENERATE PDF\
  'i',                // pin D4 check  >> DECREASE WIDTH\
  'e',                // pin D3 check  >> INCREASE WIDTH\
  'y',                // pin D2 check\
  'r',                // pin D1 check\
  'n',                // pin D0 check  \
  'b',         // pin A5 check\
  'u',        // pin A4 check\
  'o',        // pin A3 check >> PREVIOUS BLOCK\
  'p',        // pin A2 check\
  'l',        // pin A1 check >> ROTATE COUNTER CLOCKWISE\
  's'         // pin A0\
\
\

\b Node server will keep crashing\

\b0 The node server keeps crashing if you run the makey board. To avoid this, go into \

\i main.js 
\i0 in the main folder and comment out these two sections: 
\b \
\

\i\b0 //  var board = new five.Board();\
\

\i0 and
\b \
\

\i\b0 //    board.on("ready", function(socket) \{ // Call arduino board\
//      console.log("--- ARDUINO READY ---- ");\
//      \
//      // write your arduino functions here\
//      arduinoJoystick();\
//\
//    \});\
\
}